hello dear friends of noodle we know
are here today at the venue of
teams the handball women have yes
her audience for the media
nominated and we are very curious how
the day will go today
we are happy to follow
or sorry hello hello
It's great to grow a tree like this
So we want to warmly
Thank you what you are doing for the cause
the pedestal challenge it is a very
very important story for the
bus driver board that we there
get attention and you as well
We did not want to disturb us for long
just thank and especially
wish a lot of success for the game today
that you have become the thing
his city
who indicates
No
long
success
that was
Paris
to be
it goes forward
red
the
the warning
gate or play over the han
have played infinite very much
fight-based game what our day
drawn is that is also logical
opposition would arrive
That's why we have a new one
hashtag helper need motivation the
have had learned a lot at stake
because all of this supports the action
all only if you have motivation off and on
Sub-stepping can be a big project
will be and will be preserved so much
success like gasoline is the handball player
for the rest of the season, we give thanks for the
Support what you do with your structure
continues and in 14 days that is
next home game so come over the
mood of the investors
Anyone can already feel this way
times at ikea were like I get
something in the car not for the car
was created
the erdteil two sensational idea this
often at ikea
look awesome and can you
oxford again look ahead
came out
nope